let's assume for a moment that you are a
dishonest man assume away under the
right circumstances a producer could
make more money with a flop than he
could with a hit you bloody little
genius
I want everything I've ever seen in the
movies all we have to do is find the
worst play ever written what is it you
found the flop
touch it kiss it you said it's the
mother lode springtime for Hitler
okay we want to put it on Broadway I
must tell my badge he's gonna tell us
where's Bertha hi it's Heidi birthday oh
how busy cookin destroyed your bar big
bang mr. pool bing bang bang
thankful key change from the twisted
mind of Mel Brooks
Bialystok and blue Bialystok and blue Oh
smart as a whip we might have a position
for you as a matter of fact we might
have several positions for you
I want you to know my beer but even
though we're sitting now we're giving
you a standing ovation max but this is
it
springtime for Hitler
Nathan Lane send me to the moon you
animal
I love you Matthew Broderick Matt she's
fantastic
I've never felt this way before uma
thurman remember vanilla dance yeah
dancing game god bless sweet and will
ferrell how can I judge of your game
over
who you'll already had your toilet break
I'm not going into the toilet I'm going
into show business
the producers directed by Susan Stroman